    1. History
Established in 2011, VeecoTech is an experienced web design and software development company located in Penang, Malaysia.  We are the leading Malaysia IT solution company, specialised in helping businesses to achieve their success through web design, ecommerce, mobile app, software customization, SEO and online marketing.
VeecoTech emphasises on understanding clients’ business objectives and to work closely with clients. We take pride in our work and we look forward to creating long-lasting relationships with our clients that ensure continual success.


    2. Vision
To be an international digital solution provider that constructs automated ecosystems for every business.


    3. Mission
To redefine C simplify business cycles.
Focused on SEA, we are a place of endless possibilities C the key to the boundless potential of automated ecosystems. Elevating every talented individual, every state, every need.


    4. Core Value
VeecoTech believes core values are the fundamental beliefs that support our company’s vision, and breeds good company culture that reflects the company's identity. For VeecoTech to excel, a set of core values is shaped.
Creating Value
“ Our goal is to ensure that every company we work with benefits from our digital solutions. Creating value for every individual we encounter.”
        ◦ You put in effort to create additional value for the organisation, clients and your fellow coworkers
        ◦ You take extra steps, even going beyond your job scope to create value
        ◦ You take extra steps to guide, interns, enriching their time working with VeecoTech
Result Driven
“ We set goals to outperform ourselves every time. We assume responsibility s accountability and focus on delivering results that impress.”
        ◦ You set challenging and competitive goals.
        ◦ You assume responsibility and focus on output.
        ◦ You complete outperformed expectations /agreed-upon goals.
        ◦ You delivered a significant impact to VeecoTech's success
        ◦ You stop at nothing to achieve the goals and task assigned.
Innovation
“We want to innovate, create and bring diversity to the digital solution market. We are working towards creating entire digital ecosystems that will help businesses reach a whole new level of efficiency.”
        ◦ You employ creative thinking in all that you do
        ◦ You come up with cool ideas and solutions that make VeecoTech better
        ◦ You take initiative to kickstart new innovative solutions
        ◦ You simplify difficult, routine C time-consuming tasks to become easy
        ◦ You come out with new ideas to automate the process to make results better
        ◦ You monitor the process and solve the issue when in need
        ◦ You confront the problem faced and suggest a better way to improve the process
Process Oriented
“ We are devoted to automation and improving processes. We believe when we do it better, our employees flourish and so does our clients.”
        ◦ You simplify difficult, routine C time-consuming tasks to become easy
        ◦ You come out with new ideas to automate the process to make results better
        ◦ You monitor the process and solve the issue when in need
        ◦ You confront the problem faced and suggest a better way to improve the process
People Focused
“ At VeecoTech we recognise the diversity, creativity and effort of each and every person in our organisation. We believe in open communication and teamwork. We are stronger when we are together.”
        ◦ You have a heart for others and it shows in the way you act and communicate
        ◦ You are people focused when you interact with clients and the team
        ◦ You carry an attitude of readiness to help team members in work related task but also on a day-to-day. 
.Veecotech is also located in Kuala Lumpur and Singapore. 
